I want everybody to see you for what you
are the best-kept secret in the NFL you
are the man you ready yep let's go my
name is Jerry Maguire I'm a sports agent
you could say I'm at the top of my game
but something just isn't right what can
I do for you show me the money can you
send a card sorry little fella I can't
sign this branded card only Pro Jam blue
dye cards and lately it's getting hoarse
came here to let you go pardon me I came
here to fire you Jerry
what about who's coming with me who is
coming with me I will go with you
Dorothy boys thank you
we're gonna be okay because I am gonna
take my one client and we are gonna go
all the way
help help me help you help me help you
you hanging on by a thread you want to
go to dinner some dudes might have the
coin but they'll never have the Kwan on
it means love
wish me luck like dad no with cry at the
beginning of a daze yeah cry and like I
do
[Music]
silly you
if the word to say
if you build prized shilajit deep inside
this
[Music]
she
my whole life I've been trying to talk I
mean really talk but nobody listened to
me you know that feeling
[Music]